# secure-key-encryptor
A secure method of encryption via key where the key remains undecipherable even to someone who obtains both phrases and encrypted phrases generated by said key.

The program, when run in terminal, provides the option to encrypt or decrypt a string. For first time usage, you must choose encrypt, as choosing encrypt will create a file called encrypted.txt that will hold all encrypted strings produced by the program and will serve as the file that the program will read when decrypting strings. Encryption will encrypt an input string based on a key that you make up (the security of the encryption depends on the security of the key, so make it a good one!) and give you the option to save the produced encrypted string to encrypted.txt under an input label. Decryption will prompt you for the label (or part of the label) of an encrypted string in encrypted.txt and then decrypt the string based on the key you give it (it will only decrypt properly if you input the same key that you used when encrypting the string).

Notes on usage:
1. Use the same key for every string that you encrypt. The idea behind this encryption program is that even if someone else knew both a string that you encrypted using this program and its consequent encrypted string, they still would not be able to find the key that you used to encrypt it, so you do not damage the security of all of your encrypted strings by using the same key again and again. 
2. Avoid directly editing encrypted.txt. Part of the functionality of the encryption (and consequently, decryption) mechanisms provided by the program relies upon the line number of each encrypted string in encrypted.txt, and changing the line numbers of encrypted strings will lead to errors. The one circumstance in which it would be a good idea to directly edit encrypted.txt was if you wanted to change a label of an encrypted string, which should not cause errors.
3. encrypted.txt and the file of the program itself (crypto.py) must be in the same folder for the program to run properly.
